EPM VSAT documentation (#924)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Standard_Apps/EPM/EPM_VSAT/VSAT_architecture.md

---
uid: VSAT_architecture
---

# EPM VSAT architecture

The EPM Solution makes use of the following components:

- [Collector connectors](#collector-connectors): These connectors take care of technology-specific data collection and initial processing.

- [Back-end connectors](#back-end-connectors): These connectors take care of technology-specific aggregation of the data from the collector connectors.

- [Front-end connector](#front-end-connectors): This connector takes care of technology-agnostic data presentation. It allows users to view KPIs and other information based on the data received from the back-end connectors.

- [System connectors](#system-connectors): These connectors are designed to operate as peripherals within the EPM Solution.

![EPM VSAT architecture](~/user-guide/images/EPM_VSAT_architecture.png)

## Collector connectors

At the core of the solution are collector connectors capable of interfacing with any physical and/or virtual data source (devices, APIs, etc.).

> In a typical VSAT deployment, there are various types of service-delivery entities such as NMS, third-party API, modems, servers, cable modems (CMs), routers, switches, and firewalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a typical VSAT deployment, there are various types of service-delivery entities such as NMSs, third-party APIs, modems, servers, cable modems (CMs), routers, switches, and firewalls.
```
